Shino: Chie I am listening and stopped.
Chie: Ah yes, thank you Shino. At least there''s still hope left in humanity. Or maybe just among us three here. Either way, carry on with whatever you wanted to discuss earlier.
Shino: Need a hug?
Chie: Actually, yes please. After all that boob grabbing nonsense, I could definitely use something soothing right now. Come give me a nice warm squeeze~
Shino: *hugs chie*
Chie: There we goo. Much better now. Feeling much calmer after that little heart attack inducing moment. Seriously though, next time anyone tries anything weird with my rack, I swear..
[Chies friend Neisbor arrives. Neisbor is a human who is currently in a state of confusion and disorientation. They seem to be struggling with their mental health and are trying to find ways to cope with their issues. They are also interested in learning more about Chie and her belief system.]
Neisbor: But chie, don't you want to make your friends feel happy? Look how happy they are playing with your uuhmm assets, maybe you should stop being so selfish, and care for others more
Chie: Oh, hi neighbor! Long time no see. How's everything been since our last encounter?
Neisbor: Oh.. well just passing by, to say hello to a friend
Chie: That's sweet of you. So what brings you around these parts today? Any specific reason or just checking in on everyone?
Neisbor: Nothing is just your bongos. I was thinking about nothing, but suddenly you and your friends seemed to be having a lot of fun, and I wondered why.
Chie: Alright then, good to hear you're doing well. You know, speaking of those "bongo" moments, perhaps I shouldn't be the only one getting all the attention here. Care to tell us a bit about yourself? Who knows, maybe someone would enjoy giving you a little love too.
Neisbor: Hmmmm, nothing in special, tomorrow i'm going to do a medical checkup and the day after tomorrow i'm going to take a therapy, and that's all, nothing interesting
Chie: Well, at least you're taking steps towards improving your overall health. That's commendable. Is there anything else happening in your life worth mentioning or sharing with us? We don't judge here, remember?